hi there Melissa Calgon with Minneapolis
st. Paul magazine and style parlor TV
and I am here at the cover shoot for our
may cover story great hair we were able
to land a pretty great cover model in
wcco's evening news anchor Amelia
Santaniello all right let's go and talk
to her and figure out how she gets such
great hair so what does your hair look
like naturally when you wake up in the
morning and don't do anything to it
well before I got this Brazilian Blowout
which is a process you know an
all-natural process which straightens
your hair my hair is very coarse and
it's curly you don't have like the
typical anchor hair you ever had to like
fight back with your do sorts as they
wanted you to have different cut I don't
tell them what I'm gonna go I just cuz
then you give them the power to say yes
or no I just kind of do what I want to
do and I've been very very fortunate
because my news directors have been good
about when I just go and get my hair cut
do you ever have viewers who call in and
have nasty things to say or good things
to say about your hair I've gotten
really mostly positive except when I got
the bangs
okay the bangs were should have gone
back maybe a little further and then
down but you know what I'm like it's
hair it'll grow out yeah what's the
worst haircut you've ever had I don't
know if I've gotten a really bad haircut
I would say the bangs but you know what
I wanted bang and I lived with them and
they were fine all the years that I've
been here there's so many great stylists
here so I've gone to a number of them
but right now I'm going to John Steele
who is at the uptown hair district John
DAG at suds does my color
Jason D a blonde if I want a little out
like for an event or anything Jason will
blow out my hair what do you do for your
color my color well you know after
having kids my hair started turning
really really dark so I used to just get
highlights and so after I had the kids
now I get full on color well thank you
so much for taking some time to talk
with us and now we've got to let these
ladies finish our hair and makeup so we
can get around set thank you so much
Amelia
you